Add integration testing section to automated testing (#412)
microsoft/code-with-engineering-playbook: automated-testing/integration-testing/readme.md

## Integration Testing Design Blocks

Consider a banking application with three modules: login, transfers, and current balance, all developed independently. An integration test may verify when a user logs in they are re-directed to their current balance with the correct amount for the specific mock user. Another integration test may perform a transfer of a specified amount of money. The test may confirm there are sufficient funds in the account to perform the transfer, and after the transfer the current balance is updated appropriately for the mock user. The login page may be mocked with a test user and mock credentials if this module is not completed when testing the transfers module.

> Integration testing is done by the developer or QA tester. In the past, integration testing always happened after unit and before system and E2E testing. Now, if a team is following agile principles, integration tests can be performed before or after unit tests, early and often, as there is no need to wait for sequential processes. Additionally, integration tests can utilize mock data in order to simulate a complete system. There is an abundance of language-specific testing frameworks that can be used throughout the entire development lifecycle.

Reviewer: Very good article! approving with minor comment:

maybe worth noting in this clause that compared to unit-tests, integration tests usually run slower, are more "expensive" to setup and develop, and we'd usually have less of them. (i.e. the pyramid: https://martinfowler.com/articles/practical-test-pyramid.html).

Author: updated thanks!

## Integration Testing Frameworks and Tools

Many tools and frameworks can be used to write both unit and integration tests. The following tools are for automating integration tests.

- [JUnit](https://junit.org/junit5/)
- [Robot Framework](https://robotframework.org/)
- [moq](https://github.com/moq/moq4)
- [Cucumber](https://cucumber.io/)
- [Selenium](https://www.selenium.dev/)

## Conclusion

Integration testing demonstrates how one module of a system, or external system, interfaces with another. This can be a test of two components, a sub-system, a whole system, or a collection of systems. Tests should be written frequently and throughout the entire development lifecycle using an appropriate amount of mocked dependencies and test data. Because integration tests prove that independently developed modules inteerface as technically designed, it increases confidence in the development cycle providing a path for a system that deploys and scales.

## Resources

> - [Integration testing approaches](https://www.softwaretestinghelp.com/what-is-integration-testing/https://www.softwaretestinghelp.com/what-is-integration-testing/)

Reviewer 2: Link is broken.

Author: updated!

## Integration Testing Design Blocks

Consider a banking application with three modules: login, transfers, and current balance, all developed independently. An integration test may verify when a user logs in they are re-directed to their current balance with the correct amount for the specific mock user. Another integration test may perform a transfer of a specified amount of money. The test may confirm there are sufficient funds in the account to perform the transfer, and after the transfer the current balance is updated appropriately for the mock user. The login page may be mocked with a test user and mock credentials if this module is not completed when testing the transfers module.

> Integration testing is done by the developer or QA tester. In the past, integration testing always happened after unit and before system and E2E testing. Now, if a team is following agile principles, integration tests can be performed before or after unit tests, early and often, as there is no need to wait for sequential processes. Additionally tests can utilize mock data in order to simulate a complete system. Because integration tests may be slower to develop they do not need to achieve 100% code coverage. There is an abundance of language-specific testing frameworks that can be used throughout the entire development lifecycle.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Integration testing is done by the developer or QA tester. In the past, integration testing always happened after unit and before system and E2E testing. Now, if a team is following agile principles, integration tests can be performed before or after unit tests, early and often, as there is no need to wait for sequential processes. Additionally, integration tests can utilize mock data in order to simulate a complete system. There is an abundance of language-specific testing frameworks that can be used throughout the entire development lifecycle.
```

Punctuation + recommend to remove "Because integration tests may be slower to develop they do not need to achieve 100% code coverage." since integration tests are not related to code coverage, but rather to use-case coverage.

\*\* It is important to note the difference between integration and acceptance testing. Integration testing confirms a group of components work together as intended from a technical perspective, while acceptance testing confirms a group of components work together as intended from a business scenario.

## Applying Integration Testing

> Prior to writing integration tests the user must identify the different components of the system and their intended behaviors and inputs and outputs. The engineer must fully understand the architecture of the project.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Prior to writing integration tests, the engineers must identify the different components of the system and their intended behaviors and inputs and outputs. The engineers must fully understand the architecture of the project.
```

Re: "The engineers must fully understand the architecture of the project.", this is not always possible/feasible. I would say that the architecture of the project must be fully documented/specified somewhere that can be readily referenced (e.g., in an architecture diagram).

Author: updated!

![Bottom Up Integration Testing](./images/bottomUp.jpg)

A third approach known as the sandwich or hybrid model combines the bottom up and town down approaches to test lower and higher level components at the same time.

### Things to Avoid

There is a tradeoff a developer must make between integration test code coverage and engineering cycles. With mock dependencies, test data, and multiple environments at test, too many integration tests are infeasible to maintain and become increasingly less meaningful. Too much mocking will slow down the test suite, make scaling difficult, and may be a sign the developer should consider other tests for the scenario such as acceptance or E2E.

Integration tests of complex systems require high maintenance. Avoid testing business logic in integration tests by keeping test suites separate. Do not test beyond the acceptance criteria of the task and be sure to clean up any resources created for a given test. Additionally, avoid writing tests in a production environment. Instead write them in a scaled-down copy environment.

## Integration Testing Frameworks and Tools

> Many tools and frameworks can be used to write both unit and integration tests. The following covers tools for integration tests.

Reviewer 4: I know for unit testing we decided not to have a list of test frameworks and instead opted to link out to the wikipedia page with a list of all test frameworks; maybe we can focus this area on tooling that specifically will help integration testing instead of general testing tools?

Author: Added a few automated tooling resources and removed everything else.
